Instructions for Adding Your Logo & Address to AAO-HNSF Patient Handouts
CO-BRANDING AAO-HNSF PATIENT HANDOUTS IS AS EASY AS 1-2-3!
Download & Save Patient Handout
 Download the patient handout
You will need Adobe Acrobat Reader. 
You can install it for free here:  
get.adobe.com/reader
 Save it to your computer
Remember where you save it; you will 
need to access it in the following steps.
Upload Your Logo & Address
Your image must be saved as a .pdf file! 
For additional information on how to  
save your logo/address as a .pdf file, 
please see the instructions below.
You will not be able to upload your personal 
information to the patient handout if the file  
is not saved in the .pdf format.
 Open the saved patient handout document 
 Click in the white space at the bottom of 
the page. 
 Within the Select Icon window,  
Browse to the .pdf file you would  
like to Insert and then click, OK.
The logo and/or address file will resize 
appropriately for the box.
 Type your web address in the blue  
rectangle below the white image field.
You’re Ready to Print!
 Save your file. 
Make sure to save your file before you close 
the document to ensure your logo and/
or address will be there the next time you 
open up the document.
 You are now ready to print!
Example of a co-branded Patient Handout:
SAM
PLE
Click in this white space to upload your logo
Click in this blue area to type your web address
SAM
PLE
CONVERT YOUR LOGO TO .PDF
Open a new Microsoft Word document. 
Remember where you save it; you will need to access it when uploading your logo/address to the Patient Handout.
Insert Your Image
 Click the location in your Word document 
where you want to insert your image.
 Click the Insert tab, click Pictures. 
 Browse to the image you want to insert, 
select it, and then click Insert.
Your image will most likely be your logo.
 If your image contains all of the 
information you would like to include, you 
are ready to export/save as a .pdf. 
Resize Your Image
To include contact information next to your 
logo, you may need to resize your image.
 Click on the image you want to resize.
 To increase or decrease the size of the 
logo, drag the sizing handle away from or 
towards the center. 
To maintain the proportions, press and 
hold Shift while you drag the sizing handle.
Add Text Next to Your Image
Following these instructions will allow you to 
add multiple lines of text to the right of your 
image. Please see the example below.
 Click on the image.
 Click the Pictures Tools or Drawing Tools 
Format tab. 
 Under the Arrange group, click Wrap Text.
 Choose the Square style of wrapping.
 Add your text.
Example of a logo and address to be uploaded to the 
co-branded Patient Handouts:
Export/Save As .PDF from Microsoft Word
Once your image contains all of the information you would like to include in the image field 
of your co-branded Patient Handout, you’re ready to save as a .pdf!
From the File menu, click Export or Save As. Change the file format to PDF, and click Save.
1 2 3
